hello and welcome to the question and
answer session with some rounders and
100 Tiki legends okay here we have if if
one gave you an elephant where would one
hide it but I have a lovely set of tiger
print onesies just awfully small pockets
in it so I have to say how to keep my
elephants in my onesie because you know
why would you not want to take it around
and show people I wouldn't have a leash
or anything for it but but yeah I'd have
to keep it ro and be awfully marvellous
if you had it with a chain you could
hang it from your rear view mirror and
take it with you everywhere a bit like a
small poodle so that's not really hiding
it so it didn't really answer the
question but I just got to sizing how
Cal to next who is the hardest I think
but I firmly physically you have to say
Marko's don't laugh I I don't think
anyone would like to take a good wallop
off of that young girl at fair to say
he's gotta police from fists who handles
their drink the best oh and worst me
I've out drunk everyone and I've also
got myself in the worst states than
everyone that's an issue I need to work
on personally ah what else do we have
how many beans make 5 maybe about 5
billions I don't know those of their
kidney beans
it depends what kind of Sorrows you're
asking if they if they're going into a
cubic mass then maybe butter beans how
big are they awfully big bigger than
those kidney beans describe Rutter in
three words
old miserable no more always upside down
tellers the most interesting thing about
McGee right well I kind of explained
this but I've listened to so much of his
stories
one doesn't know where to start with mr.
McGinnis the most interesting thing I
don't know there are too many things
about that boy he's a little more into
himself okay well thank you for joining
us and the random questions and answers
as you can see we don't have much time
today to answer any more
we're busily doing nothing until midday
so thank you for coming and watch you
get our last and they say you sit